PowerToys improvements (#4572)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-uwp: hub/powertoys/fancyzones.md

### Snapping to multiple zones with the mouse and keyboard

Drag the window until one zone is activated, then press and hold the <kbd>Ctrl</kbd> key while dragging the window to select multiple zones.

![Two Zones Activation screenshot.](../images/pt-fancyzones-twozones.png)

### Snapping to multiple zones with only the keyboard

> Turn **Override Windows Snap** on in the FancyZones settings and select **Move windows based on: Relative position**. Use <kbd>Win</kbd>+<kbd>Ctrl</kbd>+<kbd>Alt</kbd>+[arrow keys] to expand the window to multiple zones.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enable **Override Windows Snap** in the FancyZones settings and select **Move windows based on: Relative position**. Use <kbd>Win</kbd>+<kbd>Ctrl</kbd>+<kbd>Alt</kbd>+[arrow keys] to expand the window to multiple zones.
```

"on in" just doesn't look right

FancyZones includes an editor to give you more control over your window layouts that can be accessed in the PowerToys Settings.

### Open the layout editor

Open the layout editor by selecting **Launch layout editor** or by pressing <kbd>Win</kbd>+<kbd>Shift</kbd>+<kbd>`</kbd> ("back-tick" or "accent grave"). You can change the FancyZones layout editor shortcut in PowerToys Settings.

![FancyZones Settings UI.](../images/pt-fancyzones-settings.png)

### Layout Editor: Choose your layout

> When you first launch the layout editor, you'll see a list of layouts that can be adjusted by how many windows are on the monitor. Selecting a layout shows a preview of that layout on the screen. The selected layout is applied automatically. Double-clicking a layout will apply it and close the editor. The editor will detect the available monitors and display them for you to choose between. The chosen monitor will then be the target of the selected layout.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you first launch the layout editor, you'll see a list of layouts that can be adjusted by how many windows are on the monitor. Selecting a layout shows a preview of that layout on the screen. The selected layout is applied automatically. Double-clicking a layout will apply it and close the editor. The editor will detect and display the available monitors. Select a monitor, and it becomes the target of the selected layout.
```

### Creating a custom layout

The zones editor supports creating custom layouts. Select **+ Create new layout** at the bottom.
Select **+ Create new layout** at the bottom.

There are two style of custom zone layouts: **Grid** and **Canvas**.
There are two styles of custom zone layouts: **Grid** and **Canvas**.

The **Grid** model starts with a three column grid and allows zones to be created by splitting and merging zones, resizing the gutter between zones as desired. This is a relative layout and will resize with different screen sizes. You can edit the layout using mouse or using keyboard.
The **Grid** model starts with a three column grid and allows zones to be created by splitting and merging zones, moving the gutter between zones as desired. This is a relative layout and will resize with different screen sizes. You can edit the layout using mouse or using keyboard.

> #### Mouse

Reviewer: Any particular reason you replaced the markdown headers with bold? The Learn Linter in VS Code is going to flag these as issues.

Author: I just felt the headers were getting a bit messy. Should I use plain text or H4?

Reviewer: If they're subsections of the H3 heading, then to me it makes sense to keep them as H4 headings. It's also possible (but not very likely) that some folks have bookmarks to one of those sections. I try to only remove or change headings when absolutely necessary for this reason. If we have any other docs that link to the heading's anchor tag, it'll show up in our broken link reports.

Author: Can't imagine this is actually a case in practice, for this text, but I see the idea.

- To divide a zone: focus the zone you want to divide and press <kbd>S</kbd> or <kbd>Shift</kbd>+<kbd>S</kbd> to divide it.
- To move a divider: focus the divider and press arrow keys to move it.
- To merge/delete zones: focus the divider between zones and press <kbd>Delete</kbd>. All zones adjacent to deleted divider will be merged into one zone.

![FancyZones Table Editor Mode.](../images/pt-fancyzones-grideditor.png)

The **Canvas** model starts with one zone and supports adding zones that can be moved and resized, similar to windows. Zones in the canvas model may be overlapping.

Canvas layout also has keyboard support for zone editing. Use the arrow keys (Left, Right, Up, Down) to move a zone by 10 pixels, or <kbd>Ctrl</kbd>+arrow to move a zone by 1 pixel. Use the <kbd>Shift</kbd>+arrow keys to resize a zone by 10 pixels (5 per edge), or <kbd>Ctrl</kbd>+<kbd>Shift</kbd>+arrow to resize a zone by 2 pixels (1 per edge). To switch between the editor and dialog, press the <kbd>Ctrl</kbd>+<kbd>Tab</kbd> keys.

![FancyZones Window Editor Mode.](../images/pt-fancyzones-canvaseditor.png)

### Quickly changing between custom layouts

> [!NOTE]

> > Turn **Enable quick layout switch** on in the settings to use this feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Enable **Enable quick layout switch** in the settings to use this feature.
```
